hello my lovely so I have returned hence
why I gave you a creepy hello my
lovelies so yeah I am back on this
channel and it's been a strange couple
of days I got an email on I think it was
friday night basically saying hi Jess
and you were now partnered fully and I
was like hang on this channel wasn't
gonna be partnered because I didn't have
stuff that was working and that's why I
couldn't stay on this channel basically
that's all come back okay and this
channel is really okay to use now so I'm
back on the channel dobby regular
uploads on this channel and to say thank
you to the guys who moved over to my
other channel with me I really want to
do a giveaway and of course this is open
to everybody it's not just open to the
people who are subscribed to my old
channel it's open to everybody
international giveaway and there's going
to be three prizes now the first prize
is going to be a palette and the palette
is going to be from a sauce it is a
pixie palette and i will put the link to
the actual palette in the down bar and
there will be two other prizes and they
will be the shoe Rimmer eyelash curlers
and they're also be some little bits
with the main prize which is the palette
they get to be decided but they are the
three prizes and it's gonna be three
winners and they will obviously be
randomly selected and this giveaway is
going to be 0 for 1 month so that is
today is the 18th so on the 18th of
March 18th March that is when i'll be
announcing only rules i'm going to say
subscribe to this channel like the video
and comment drop me a comment just
saying anything you want enter me you
know like hi that was a really creepy
way to greet us all oh no welcome back
if any of you are happy I'm back I don't
know I'll be cool anyway I'm really
really really happy to be back I have so
many videos to upload loads of videos
out of my old channel well I'm new
channel that is now my old channel I'll
be bringing over here so there'll be
loads of regular uploads for about two
weeks and
yeah I'm really really excited also the
massive ordering from the UK at the
moment sitting right in front of me so
I'm gonna film hall straight after this
so yeah if that is what you want to do
enter this giveaway then please please
do thank you so so so much for
subscribing to this channel remain
subscribe to the other channel because i
have a feeling i'll keep that as my vlog
channel so yeah thank you so much lovely
I'm so sorry for this buffle and all
this I'm just so sorry and thank you so
much for sticking with me everyone who
has lots and lots and lots and lots of
lots and lots of love I